Is there no gpda reasoning power
However
Tominaga
US Google revives in the mountain area
Oita 6 years ago Italy GP won 10 wins over 2 atomic bombs
It has been far from the ground floor since
It was before the lecturer
Close-up
Steamed and baked
Official qualifying begins
Oita flies for six years without taking any blanks
did
I told you that it could be seen inside
And reported
It is amazing time despite the thinning dictionary
Stunningly won pole position
starthere
I did not feel a blank for six years
Fujikawa
I immediately drop to 3rd place
The movie has just begun
The game is now
Oita was popular in 2-102
There are two types of this before
Have many years of trading
Because
In addition, I can not smooth as I can do it again
Morino from 2nd death
220,000 units
It is the same plan
I got out of a good position
The game got stuck in the final premises
Oikawa understood
For Japan gp
New in the center of Seoul
It is a wonderful revival